[Music]
hi I'm a Gina today I gotta make a pizza
but a little bit just a little bit I
wanna make five pounds of the flour
because when I make before I make 20
pounds of the flour it was harder for me
for sure everything I have everything in
here on the water of salt and in the
face of tons of the flour you could put
one envelope of the Easter one envelope
this day and the fiber punch of the
flour you
I have a worry here now I make the the
water in the pot just to push Melda the
ISTE say you put water here and then you
put the train will operate this is his
thing you put here it is a 2 spoon of
the sort
some people they know one or two motor
starter they put 1 spoon butter a
palette 2 spoon of the salt
I put in the end EHT okay and later a
couple of minutes Ellie smart kind of
couple minutes a day smart and you start
with the poor and you put it here put in
a like this you have the salty
adjustable like this now I use of the
world this is the world I put a little
more warrior
[Music]
I want what I want to use of this one
not this one I want to use this one me
okay
hey you got a dog no no thicker mix wrap
but I got to use of the lens I got use
of the lens I wash my hands okay
my hand just clean the poor here before
I use my hands I would say my prey my
across and nama del padre Belle fille de
los pilotos and I met Christina Kasich a
Democrat sure they got a raise you have
the same name of God they got a wrist
race of this I used to do this all the
time when I make it I used to the flour
I make the stuff all the time I say
number del padre del failure dollar
spirit OSA so now I use of my ends okay
you pour more water that's a 5 4 pounds
of meat look like nothing but I ever do
this sometimes we we can't do this you
want something go i'ma make or make
bread pizza oh my make
I clean my hands with the flower you see
put a flower your clean hands now I
finish with this I gotta clean all
around it just I put I make a like some
like this all right you see this the
Dove make a pizza okay
that's it now we pour you put a little
flour like this a little flour then you
put the plaster use of the plastic ax I
you should have plastic all the time
because the material they stick on the
door are no good you put this they come
a nice clean when it's done they come a
nice eclis see now we put weight from
one hour you got a look summertime a
little less is something a little more
for one hour I would state a car race
they color race okay
all right I got a car pure and warm the
thing at the good Darla's temperatura
card are supposed to be gold my place so
I find my place is here
see javi it's warm I put that one I put
a one like this you can cover this nice
warm
here we say you know what maybe one hour
we gotta watch you gotta look ma'am I
have at the port more you have a summer
blanket do you put some blanket like
this something old
okay in that let's stay here okay now
the dough I see the time of the dog
raise
I gotta make a sword so to make the
sword so full from make on the pit okay
okay now I gotta make a salsa Hey look
at this
the command I make this is pili tomato
it's a plain an order tomato when I make
it's a planet just a basilica a little
sir do you wanna see the way I make you
can watch my other video I have endure I
make already when I make it to peel a
tomato I'm making another video you can
see the way I make now is here this is a
plane
alright and then I want to make the
tasty because for making the pizza you
don't have a tasted then I know so I
have a onions I have a garlic or leave
Oh Oh leo
and then nothing with a little more
fresh basilica's it's a good tool I have
a sum here by making some the fresh one
I have a little oregano I have a little
black appeal now I start I make a
tutorial that's a door you know that's
solely Leo Leo you put here just an idea
then you gotta make more on the pizza
when you make a pizza you may come more
or learn the pizza okay now
let me do I got a fright Angus closed ok
ty are two Tonya's so they can I put a
gag on my take it off but just to
Pitesti some people they know like then
a pool
I put on yes some people they know like
they take care of my family they like I
leave it on yes I live but the garlic I
take era I put the garlic now they gotta
fry a little bit ok I have a little
fresh basil can you put a little basil
they they they fry a wooden fort st you
gotta make some of the tasty we gotta
make a some of the testing
[Music]
sign is almost done when you open the
jar Allah make the sweet
it's a lackey okay here when you make it
like this when you open that they bring
they make a little noise
that's a hard you see you see they make
a little noise you can feel it all but
what's a lot King when they may go like
this okay
you open up the thing the Journal of the
makélelé big little Lilly noise hey they
make a little noise the juggle is good
so this is the tomato the garlic got
take it off the garlic I take it off add
onions to live here hey I put the tomato
and I put the tomato
let's peel a tomato like I say you I
make a killer tomato just little while
ago the once said the way I make watch
my video will you watch the other video
the video I make the way I make a peeled
tomato my dad plan and now you you wanna
make it for the pizza you gotta make a
tasty you gotta make something of a food
tasting at this is how the car just to
cook a little bit just a little bit that
they cook Korean whoa you see some is a
little bit you break to cut break but
they all right
see this is something a little you just
break with the spoon this is just a
break with the spoon
they have a test of the rania test of
the garden and I pour I put a little
black paper you could put a little black
up it somebody like some people my
family they like I put my food because
of my family they're like somebody know
like a new pool I put a little oregano I
put a little bitty here they mix and
then the rest I put a little bit on the
pizza and the pizza just leave little
flavor
put a little bit in there just a little
bit that's all
a car put the salt put the salta - this
is not too much just a little bit
because we used the poor of the
parmigiana cheese on the pizza at the
parmigiana vanilla salt - - they maybe
they enough ok address of the piece
that's at the gravy that's what the
gravy for the pizza okay the sauce is
already see that's that's you see the do
matter they okay about 15 minutes if it
in a minute just share a row the the
tomato day okay they all broke they they
they they Dec okay okay all right that's
it
now we got a we wait the that door the
dough in our sei we wait the photo door
when the dough is already the grave is
already too so we make a pizza okay I
think that's one hour now I want to
check out the door
it's okay yeah it's a racy
look it's abrasive now I just I want to
turn a little more it then they erase
again and we make a pizza just I wanna
rest a little more say you put the
plastic ax and not know gnostic and
materia cuz
plus the tease of wash just him you see
the DA nicer
Oh
okay let's tape it up a flower a flower
we put we make the pizza I can use this
right I can use one so right this is
this just a little more okay nice day
bye father
okay and we say okay let's write
fowl-run Alan
let me check let me check yeah he's he's
done he said done see now we make a
pizza
alright now we make a pizza and we make
a pizza
[Music]
all right time of the Deutsch already
everything ever ready now
number one let me take the paper off
here the plastic off take the plastic
off
at this of the dog this of the dog now I
can't make it
I got a grease of the pen yeah you so
the Crisco you gotta use of the Crisco
can you put a wall you're the the door
no stick they come up with Becca you
they come back I you so you the Crisco
they all the the dog
thank you put the Crisco all running run
I make a took Pizza time a big cassava
to Hana I fix it - pizza for this we
make it more okay
Naga take 1/3 or okay
that's a nice yeah mama daddy you have
seen so you do like this you have since
you do like this
hey you don't like this you stretch like
this stretch like this I take another
one
now we start the lively see with the
Crisco the dog stayed here so do you
want did you think that to take you can
take a summer off you think that they
okay you leave it like this
I have a little earlier than my finger
you know for my finger they stick you
can use like this
I try to make a skinny the pizza tray to
make the skinny
it's a liar you'd take it off sir I try
to make a skinny okay all right this is
this is why
yeah when you've done and you just put a
little early on the door like Lil Duval
you're like just to make a whitey wins
and make a little literally underdog see
like this okay gotta make a nice even
and then you put the tomato alright this
is the door now look now we can put the
tomato the - may the south so you can
put a night before when you gotta make
more you know today just a little bit
but you can make a night before it just
warm it up a little bit the supposed to
be little warmer this is just a rule
little miss base today just to put on
the pizza
okay you got use of the land so that's
all huh you wash your hands and you used
to the wind you find something you can
mesh something like this Oh
too much is this make a laugh
all right this is to pizza nah I gotta
make a cheese in Italy we used to make
just two cheese namu Chara
I make one like I used to make a one
would mutual my grandchildren muchas now
I have everything in the to mate a
basilic I have a her a Cana will pay you
all you two nice already fix just I can
make cheese I make a cheese pecorino
romano pecorino romano yes you make big
arena Roma can you make a little oregano
just a little bit sometimes just a
little flavor because I put a flavor in
the in the in the path say just a little
fail
this is a little flame let's see okay
and now we put a little audio now you
could put a little older start the run
and run around like this I used to make
around around around and then you put a
little bit like this
okay with this one you put round and
round round okay that's it now let me
clean little bit I put in the wall clean
you cleaner because of this you put like
this they born so you know one of them
bond you just to clean a little bit look
like you watch Emma all the time at the
rapper son say all the time at the
Raptor sir
all right thoroughly for poor in the
wall but twelve Ana 319 let me put a
treat and 390 you can watch you know you
gotta watch this would Pizza Pizza now
we say maybe 20 minutes fr oh we gotta
watch the pitch you have to watch all
right now I have a two piece in the
lower wanna eat two pizzas isn't they
here I make for peace the the sons I
make they finish now what I'm gonna do I
have a little left over the door
I make a lot for bread you can make the
dough you can make a piece a make a
bread that you make over everyone that's
the same at door okay this is a night
just to be waited a cook okay alright
Rock could be 20 minutes maybe I got put
on boots arrived okay let me put the
butcher Ellen are the pizza ever cook
who you put a mooch RL and you put it
back in the oven when the motor Alice is
marked and the the pizzas okay UK put
mozzarella you kept your sausage you
could put a mushroom or whatever you
want on the top of the pizza but I like
the mozzarella
I put the mozzarella yet somebody he
said for me and wanna make it he had it
took difficult
alright that's it done now we put it
back in the oven
and then of you with those money back
ten minutes five minutes of ten minute
so they've done okay okay
this one a nice by a flower I I wanna
see it's okay to be a flower day okay
that I used to make in either a no no
muchas rel an amateur and reduce to just
two tomato just two tomato now I take a
rough for this I have to make the other
one I was see let me put the other one
in the oven okay this is the pizza you
see this is the pizza nice okay let me
see it's the same every hour right now
is the time at the time of the see
because on this it's vanilla long guy
put a moocher n so the motor ll they
make a Lily Lily Cole or you see the
Mutara they make a little call now I
make it the other one I make the other
one in the world okay and then we gotta
wait we gotta wait
alright now they gotta cool it down okay
talk to her too hot too hot see nice
very cool and we heat they stood
mozzarella because my grandchildren they
wanna Muhtar L on the top but this we
use of the make like I want to show you
in Italy we know put the mozzarella like
this so just we push we make a plane
just we make up we don't have a harbor
we go on to associate a horn oh we go
over there it the lady they used to oven
the world like wow you know the ill for
know inform the CGI motherland alley
I'm attending upon a pile and Mohammed
endure for no shima table and God
coochie-coochie- Vicenza me and the so
to say when they cook they cook there
was a not dish on the Burma they were
seduced just to dog they put in the oven
there was a metal so good now we we are
go over now I think it's better nah it's
a nice clean over there you know they
put the fire or whatever but it's we
happy the way we were safe at that time
we have or not will about the way we are
now now I put back into our love for
another ten minutes all right
that's my pizza it's all cook now I can
I make up for pizza this is for me they
said we used to make an Italian non
Butera this is for my ass unalloyed like
a Larry mucho el amigo Larry this is for
my kids and my grandkids the regular one
and not too much immature egg if this is
a very plain that just two tomato number
2 RL and nothing that's what we used to
make a better life now I gotta make a
piece I want a taste I say when you
I used to seize say when I used to see
so when I I cut up the pizza and then I
take a little core but tastes nice and
skinny they come so good
hey and this this side taste but I want
to taste this is a good there's a nice
is cleaning a my goal the
to me they're so good that's very nice a
look at this unlike an ANBU Terrell
matter what mother oh here they want a
mozzarella mozzarella my lighter like
this that's wonderful
that's a nice say it's a nice everybody
can make a pizza is good especially to
peel a tomato at the make you make it
yourself it's the it's an even ago such
peachy are a no-go such peach yeah
alright I can eat all this and I started
eat I want to eat but I'm a stop here
thank you for watching my show hey hey
when you when you cook you enjoy you it
accompany you are right buddy
they joy to see the smell you know you
when you come out inside that arouses so
oh nice as my hair what do you cook this
make an Isis man alright ok thank you
everybody god bless you everybody grab
god bless america
goodbye kuba a same exit i
[Music]